PEP 1: Remove mentions of peps@python.org, update the process (#1541)
python/peps: pep-0001.txt

If you are interested in assuming ownership of a PEP, you can also do this via
pull request.  Fork the `PEP repository`_, make your ownership modification,
and submit a pull request.  You should mention both the original author and
``@python/pep-editors`` in a comment on the pull request.  (If the original

> author's GitHub username is unknown, use e-mail.)  If the original author

Reviewer: nit: the rest of the document uses "email"
```suggestion
author's GitHub username is unknown, use email.)  If the original author
```

Author: Thanks!
